Actor in code (#342)
InterWasm/docs: docs/05-actor-model/03-actor-in-blokchain.md

basic ones are `Item<T>`, which keeps zero or one element of a given
type, and `Map<K, T>` which is a key-value map.

You can see `Item` is used to keep an admin, and some other data:
`HOOKS`, and `TOTAL`. `HOOKS` is used by the `cw4-group` to allow
subscription to any changes to a group - a contract can be added as
a hook, so when the group changes, a message is sent to it. The `TOTAL`
is just a sum of all members' weights.

The `MEMBERS` in the group contract is the `SnapshotMap` - as you can
imagine it is a `Map`, with some steroids - this particular one,
gives us access to the state of the map at some point of history,
accessing it by the blockchain `height`. `height` is the count
of blocks created since the begging of blockchain, and it is
the most atomic time representation in smart contracts. There
is a way to access the clock time in them, but everything happening
in a single block is considered happening in the same moment.

Other types of storage objects not used in group contracts are:
* `IndexedMap` - another map type, which allows accessing values
  by a variety of keys
* `IndexedSnapshotMap` - `IndexedMap` and `SnapshotMap` married

> What is very important - every state type in the contract is created

Reviewer: Simpler wording:
```What is very important - every state type in the contract is accessed using some key. All those types are not containers just accessors to the state```

purpose - sticking to `ExecuteMsg`/`QueryMsg` is generally a good
idea.

## Entry points {#entry-points}

So now, when we have our contract message, we need a way to handle
them. They are send to our contract via entry points. There are
three entry points in the `cw4-group` contract:

```rust
#[cfg_attr(not(feature = "library"), entry_point)]
pub fn instantiate(
    deps: DepsMut,
    env: Env,
    _info: MessageInfo,
    msg: InstantiateMsg,
) -> Result<Response, ContractError> {
    // ...
}
#[cfg_attr(not(feature = "library"), entry_point)]
pub fn execute(
    deps: DepsMut,
    env: Env,
    info: MessageInfo,
    msg: ExecuteMsg,
) -> Result<Response, ContractError> {
    // ..
}
#[cfg_attr(not(feature = "library"), entry_point)]
pub fn query(deps: Deps, _env: Env, msg: QueryMsg) -> StdResult<Binary> {
    // ..
}
```

Those functions are called by the CosmWasm virtual machine when
a message is to be handled by contract. You can think about them
as the `main` function of normal programs, except they have a signature
that better describes the blockchain itself.

What is very important, is that the names of those entry points (similarly to

> the `main` function) are fixed - it is relevant, so the virtual machine knows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `main` function) are static - it is relevant, so the virtual machine knows
```

Author: I don't want to use a `static` world in particular here. Because of C++ influence, `static` have a very particular meaning for functions in software engineering, and it may be misunderstood.

exactly what to call.

So let's start with the first line. Every entry point is attributed with
`#[cfg_attr(not(feature = "library"), entry_point)]`. It may look a bit
scary, but it is just a conditional equivalent of `#[entry_point]` - the
the attribute would be there if and only if the "library" feature is not set.
We do this, to be able to use our contracts as dependencies for other
contract - the final binary can contain only one copy of each entry point,
so we make sure, that only the top-level one is compiled without this
feature.

The `entry_point` attribute is a macro which generates some boilerplate.
As the binary is run by WASM virtual machine, it doesn't know much about
Rust types - the actual entry point signatures are very inconvenient to
use. To overcome this issue, there is a macro created, which generates
entry points for us, and those entry points are just calling our functions.

Now take a look at functions arguments. Every single entry point takes as
the last argument a message which triggered the execution of it (except for
`reply` - I would explain it later). In addition to that, there are
additional arguments provided by blockchain:

> * `Deps` or `DepsMut` object is the gateway to the external world. It allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Deps` or `DepsMut` object is the gateway to the world outside the smart contract context. It allows
```
